# Changes in Version 1.7.0

- to reduce the clutter, removed unnecessary files from vignettes/, such as old
  autogenerated pdf's and LaTeX styles.


# Changes in Version 1.6

- first changes since Feb 2015 - version 1.5 was installing ok and passing `R
  CMD check' with some warnings, most important about registration of
  symbols. To make any changes, needed to update the use of Rcpp, in particular
  to use compileAttributes(), which led to rather troublesome digging into
  compiling errors. The main changes are noted below.

- replaced makevars and makevars.win with newer ones.

- now use compileAttributes() - for this to work removed some manual code
  elsewhere and added an underscore in the .CALL's in C_Iinterface.R

- add RcppExports.R to Collate field in DESCRIPTION.

- bug fix: in nearPD() in C_INTERFACE.R the call to the C++ function contained
  an additional argument (trace) which caused warnings and errors in R CMD
  check.

- edited the vignette
   
- moved dlm to `Suggests`.
     
- moved FKF to `Suggests`. FKF is currently archived on CRAN, so further
  defensive measures may be needed. Eventually dropped FKF from the `Suggests`
  field. Modified the vignette to load a precomputed object and left the command
  to create it in the vignette (but commented).

- numerous other small changes


# Changes in Version 1.4
   
- vignette included

- dlm and FKF are imported (just used in vignette).

- cout replaced by Rf_warning.

- DESCRIPTION file updated by removing RcppArmadillo from Imports.


# Changes in Version 1.3
 
- nearPD function (nearest Positive Definite) improved to be more closer to
  Hingham algorithm


# Changes in Version 1.2
 
- nearPD function (nearest Positive Definite) which deals with possible small
  (or negative) eigenvalues in the covariance matrix.


# Changes in Version 1.1

- Computes the unconditional (log) likelihood of the signal in function FKF

- FKF slightly modified to take into account this update but default arguments
  are provided
